{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18740\viewh8500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs58 \cf0 1. What is configuration management and how does it help organizations?\
2. which CM tool use in your project?\
3.what is the difference between Ansible and chef and puppet?\
4.what is difference b/w Ansible and Terraform?\
5.what is ansible architecture? and how it will work?\
6.what the components in Ansible?\
7.what is Idempotency?\
8.what is ansible ad-hoc commands?\
9.what is inventory file? how do add multiple agent at a time?\
10. is there any module to connect new agent without copy ssh key/password?\
11.what is a Ansible module and what are modules you used?\
12.what is a play book and what are sessions in play book?\
13. what is play in playbook?\
14.how to test ansible projects?\
15.what is \'93become\'94, \'93become_user\'94?\
16.how do you access shell environments variable?\
17.how do you manage multiple tasks in play book or how to execute specific tasks in Ansible play book?\
18. how do you filter ansible tasks with  the help of tags?\
19. how do you manage secrets in playbook ? \
20.what is ansible vault?\
21.what is role in Ansible? what the components in Role?\
22. what is handlers?\
23.what is Ansible galaxy?\
24. which module use to get agents info? \
25.what is facts and how to disable facts while executing playbook?\
26. Is it possible to increase Ansible  reboot module to more than 600 seconds?\
27. how do restart a system using ansible and how do you execute modules after reboot?\
28. How to configure a jump host for accessing servers that have no direct access?\
30. How do you generate encrypted password for the user modules?\
31. How to handle various machines requiring different user accounts or ports to login?\
32. can you create your own modules?\
33. what is ask_pass, ask_sudo_pass and ask_vult_pass?\
34. what is module utility in ansible?\
35. what is Ansible Tower and what are the feature of it?\
36. which version of ansible you\'92re using?\
37. what are the playbooks you written?\
38. how does ansible server connect windows systems?\
}