{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c84314;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs110 \cf0 Jenkins\
\
1.what is CI?\
2.explain your CI/CD environment\
3. what are tool chains in your CI/CD?\
4.  how builds happen in your jenkins?\
5.what are the projects(jobs ) in your jenkins?\
6.Did you write any pipeline script?\
7.what are the plugins you are using in jenkins\
8.how do you get failed build report?\
9.what is sonarqube?\
10.how do check code quality in your project?\
11.what are the quality gates in sonarqube?\
12.which artifactory tool you are using?\
13.how do you take backup of your jenkins server/jobs?\
14.how do we recover jenkins admin password?\
15.how to give access and authorization in you jenkins?\
16.how to migrate jenkins server?\
17. how do you make jenkins HA(high availability)?\
18.what  are issues recently you troubleshooted ?\
19.what are frequently issues in your jenkins ?\
20.which port jenkins is running?\
21.can we change jenkins port number? is yes how?\
22.which build script you are using?\
23.what is a parameterized job in jenkins?\
24.how do you configure build breakers in jenkins?\
25.what are terms in DSL Goovy (pipeline)?\
26.can you write a sample DSL goovy(pipeline) script?\
27.how you pass secrects in your jenkins job?\
28.what is node?\
29.how many jenkins servers and nodes in environment?\
30.how many  jobs you have in your jenkins server?\
31. I configured one project in jenkins I'm trying to configure another project but it's not getting added how you will trouble shoot.\
32.How to configure windows agents in jenkins\
33. How to reduce the build time in jenkins\
34.how do we send previous job output as input to next job\
35.how to write(run) parallel build in pipeline?\
36. Jenkins server is up and users unable to access jenkins server console, what is the reason and how do you troubleshoot it.\
37. Jenkins server unable to access after plugins up gradation how do you resolve?\
38. How to clean jenkins workspace while getting storage issue.\
39.How to increase memory for jenkins while getting out of memory error?\
40. what type of build triggers in you project?\
41. can we configure dynamic nodes in jenkins?if  yes how?\
42.how to integrate Jenkins with LDAP/AD\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1040\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs114 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1040\partightenfactor0

\fs84 \cf2 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs110 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}