{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24640\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs66 \cf0 1. what is micro service?\
2. what is container orchestrator? and what are tools?\
3. what is the difference between docker swarm and Kubernetes ?\
4.what is difference between Openshift and Kubernetes?\
5.what is kubernetes architecture?\
6.what are components in Kubernetes cluster?\
7.How does Kubernetes works?\
8. What type of controllers in Kubernetes?\
9. what is Pod and how many container we can add in single pod?\
10. What is replica set and replication controller?\
11. what is kube-proxy and how does it works?\
12. what are network controllers(addons) we use Kubernetes clusters?\
13. what is service mesh ? \
14. what are the tools for services mesh?\
15. what is Minikube?\
16. what is federated cluster?\
17. what is headless service?\
18. what is service ? what types of service in Kubernetes?\
19. what is  ingress?\
20. what is a Helm and how does it works?\
21. What is K8s, K9s and K3s?\
22. kubernetes required docker on cluster?\
23. how does collect logs in kubernetes cluster? and what are tools for it?\
24.  what is EFK?\
25. what is a probe in kubernetes ?\
26. what is livenessProbe, ReadinessProbe and starupProbe?\
27. what is pod lifecycle?\
28.  how many nodes configure in Kubernetes cluster?\
29. How do you set up Kubernetes cluster on AWS?\
30. What is EKS and what are the components and how you configure?\
31. what is GKE and what are the components and how you configure?\
32. What\'92s Rancher?\
33. what is stateful and stateless applications in kubernetes?\
34. what is config maps and secrets in kubernetes?\
35. how to use volumes in Kubernetes cluster?\
36.Explain Kubernetes YML file structure?\
37. what is labels and selectors ?\
38. what is template in yml file?\
39. how do you do deployments using kubernetes?\
40. how do you rollback deployments in Kubernetes?\
41. which ports Kubernetes run?\
42. have you configure Kubernetes cluster if yes how you did and explains step by step?\
43. what is kubectl, kubeadm ?\
44. how do schedule pods on nodes?							\
\
\
\
}